Handbook: Q&A in "why this way" (#8727)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/why-this-way.md

Every group at Fleet maintains specific Slack channels, which all group members join and keep unmuted.  Everyone else at Fleet is encouraged to mute these channels, using them only as needed.  Each channel has a directly responsible individual responsible for keeping up with all new messages, even if they aren't explicitly mentioned (`@`).

## Why does Fleet value Openness?

> Q: "Hey Mike, what are some of the pros and cons of a company making information public by default?"

Reviewer: I have some revisions that are a bit more extensive, but I think get at the heart of the matter. If you and Mike agree, can you please delete this line?

> A: "Great question, thanks for asking! The path of least resistance is to document confidentially. You don’t have to think as hard and every sentence you write is not marketing. On the other hand, it’s way easier and way less risky to make something public if you do it from the get-go, rather than declassifying it later. And anything Fleet makes public is valuable to other organizations, which is what open source is all about: getting the community involved in fixing the tools they use, and making sure future changes are built upon solid premises."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lot of thought went into making Openness one of our values.

It might be easier to keep company information confidential. You don’t have to think so hard about what should or shouldn’t be public. Declassifying information later carries risk. Anything you release affects how people see your company.

But we prefer to focus on the benefits.

Sharing information helps other organizations, which means helping more end users.

Everything we release is free marketing. Publicizing information is marketing itself. We’re an open-source company after all.

Sure, people might point out our mistakes. But that just helps us grow. And that’s what open source is all about: creating and improving tools together as a community.
```
